# Generated images by extended GANSpace

In this directory you'll find all images that were saved by the extended version (by me, Lennert Bontinck) of GANSpace. These images are used inside the paper, evaluation tool or for other purposes related to this project.

## Table of contents
> - [Student info](#student-info)
> - [Subcategories](#subcategories)

## Student info
- **Name**: Bontinck Lennert
- **StudentID**: 568702
- **Affiliation**: VUB - Master Computer Science: AI

## Subcategories

- [Images directly generated by the GAN without manipulation of hidden components](Direct%20GAN%20output/)
   - The seeds for these images can be found by searching for their title [in this document about exploring GANSpace](../GANSpace/exploring_GANSpace.md).
   - [Images of cars containing interesting artifacts](Direct%20GAN%20output/Artifacts/)
   - [Images of cars of the challenging angle discussed in the paper](Direct%20GAN%20output/Challenging%20angle/)
   - [Images of cars deemed creative by me](Direct%20GAN%20output/Creative/)
   - [Images of cars which resemble merges of cars known by me](Direct%20GAN%20output/Merges/)
   - [Images of cars that don't have a background](Direct%20GAN%20output/No%20background/)
   - [Images of cars that closely resemble an existing car recognized by me](Direct%20GAN%20output/Recognizable/)
   - [Images of cars in side perspective](Direct%20GAN%20output/Side%20perspective/)
   - [Other images of cars](Direct%20GAN%20output/Others/)
- [Images generated by manipulation in GANSpace](GANSpace%20controlled/)
   - Sportiness filter: huge geometric changes
      - Makes the car look more or less sporty by lowering the car, enlarging the alloy size and creating sharper lines in the car.
      - Layer 2 - 7
      - Component 44
      - Seed 635148272 with a batch size of 4
      - Images can be found [here](GANSpace%20controlled/Sportiness)
   - Flashy color filter: color changes to "car body" only
      - Makes the color of the detected "car body" bright red (90% of the time) or bright yellow. Reveals some artifacts are seen as the same "material" of a "car body".
      - Layer 9 - 10
      - Component 22
      - Seed 2035975499 with a batch size of 4
      - Images can be found [here](GANSpace%20controlled/Flashy%20color)
   - Rim design filter: More fine-tuned control over rim design only
      - Influences the design of the rims without much impact over other components of the image.
      - Layer 8
      - Component 0
      - Seed 2042837 with a batch size of 4
      - Images can be found [here](GANSpace%20controlled/Rim%20design)
   - Tire size filter: makes tires smaller/bigger
      - Seems to change wheel size in relation with car, especially enlarging the tires whilst shrinking the wheel. Quite some collateral damage.
      - Layer 6
      - Component 13
      - Seed 850274007 with a batch size of 4
      - Images can be found [here](GANSpace%20controlled/Tire%20size)
   - Flat front filter: makes major changes to mainly front
      - Seems to change the front design by making it larger in area (squarer) or smaller (pointier).
      - Layer 4 - 5
      - Component 29
      - Seed 986867469 with a batch size of 4
      - Images can be found [here](GANSpace%20controlled/Flat%20front)